.. Multiscale Genomics documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Mon Mar 20 16:39:23 2017.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Multiscale Genomics
===================

Virtual Research Environment- Supporting the 3D/4D genomics community with
tools to integrate navigation from sequence to 3D/4D chromatin dynamics data.

Full details of the project can be found on the
`MuG website <http://www.multiscalegenomics.eu>`_.

From this site there are links to all of the documentation for each of the 
respositories within the `MuG GitHub <https://github.com/Multiscale-Genomics>`_.
Each set of documents contains details about the installation and usage both for
an end user and for developers creating pipelines.

VRE
---


Development APIs
----------------

`mg-dm-api <http://mg-dm-api.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
	Data Management API. This API track files within the VRE and contains
	meta data about how the file was generated with access to the file geneology.

	`GitHub mg-dm-api <https://github.com/Multiscale-Genomics/mg-dm-api>`_


Pipeline Documentation
----------------------

`mg-process-fastq <http://mg-process-fastq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
   Pipelines for processing FASTQ data. These pipelines can handle ChIP-seq,
   MNase-Seq, RNA-Seq and Whole Genome BiSulphate Sequencing (WGBS). There are 
   also scripts for generating the inditial set of indexes for given genome
   assemblies. There are also pipelines for processing Hi-C data to generate
   adjacency matrices and calculate TAD regions

   `GitHub mg-process-fastq <https://github.com/Multiscale-Genomics/mg-process-fastq>`_
`mg-process-files <http://mg-process-files.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
   Pipelines for processing results files into an indexed form for use in a 
   RESTful interface.

   `GitHub mg-process-files <https://github.com/Multiscale-Genomics/mg-process-files>`_


RESTful APIs
------------

`mg-rest-dm <http://mg-rest-dm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
   RESTful interface to the DM API along with end-points to servicing out
   regions from basic file based data, such as Bed, Wig and TSV files.

   `GitHub mg-rest-dm <https://github.com/Multiscale-Genomics/mg-rest-dm>`_

`mg-rest-adjacency <http://mg-rest-adjacency.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
   Interface for RESTfully querying adjacency matrices generated by the TADbit
   pipelines developed in
   `mg-process-fastq <https://github.com/Multiscale-Genomics/mg-process-fastq>`_.

   `GitHub mg-rest-adjacency <https://github.com/Multiscale-Genomics/mg-rest-adjacency>`_


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   license


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
